[Erlang IRC Bot - Cassandra and the search for happiness]

- Deadline: Sunday 01.03.2015 - First of march

[Premise]
An IRC / Twitter / Twitch-IRC (maybe) bot that makes random researches and stirs conversation to get more information.
It first gets a word it researches, either by being given a command (just the administrator), or by making it's own research, and then does the full research on this word.

In order to make a word research it parses incoming conversations in the channel it is in, saves only words between X and Y in length, and counts occurrences. If it has a word with at least Z mentions, it establishes this word as a new research topic.

When the bot establishes a new research topic, it tweets this decission.

The bot then proceeds with it's main task, scanning the conversation for it's topic word. Sometimes it tries to stir the conversation to that topic, to get more entries.
If the bot finds other irc channels (#<channelname>) it tries to go there and stir the conversation there as well. It also tweets about itself moving to another channel.
If the bot finds twitter names (@<twittername>) it scans this twitter feed for some time and maybe even tries to stir conversation with that aswell.

If the bot receives Private messages (either through mentions on twitter or through the IRC channels), it logs them in a database.

During it's research the bot saves information about it's outcomes and saves them in a "notebook". It creates a final readable notebook on finishing the current research, tweeting the link to it. It also sometimes randomly tweets the current link.

[Features]

- couchdb database connection for saving data needed for usage
- fallback channel if no activity found
- posibility to set up min-max wordlength, min mention count
- bot can tweet automatically

[ToDo]

#1- saving configuration in file and parsing for information
#1- properly passing information to needed module
#1- Creating a couchdb database
2- connecting the bot to database and (for now) just saving all messages
2- parsing text for words by word length
1- saving text and adding counts to database
2- checking texts for threshold
2- bot connecting to an irc channel
2- bot only being in X (setting) channels at the same time
3- bot deciding on a main new topic
3- bot actively asking for topic information
3- bot tweeting (https://github.com/tim/erlang-oauth)
2- bot reading and reacting to private messages on twitter
2- bot having timed events to randomly check for twitter messages
3- supervising processes so they don't crash the whole bot
- maybe some self-learning abilities (new phrases?)
- maybe check for cleverbot-api integration